we will sell out that's it you mean
everything to sell you got it everything
everything it's hard to believe that
after 20 years were finally calling it
quits in their store me oh we've got
wolf suit starting at 174 97 that's it
we've got regular double-breasted suits
it started at 250 some of them are down
as low as 99-97 I love it
we've got sport coats 49 97 I've got so
sure to sever $40 that our 1497 yeah I
did oh that's right I got soaked ties to
go with them make the whole set up we
got some silk ties that are $15 we're
open every single day of the week every
day we're open from 10:00 until 8:00
Monday through Friday we're open from
10:00 until 6:00 minutes we take all
major credit cards decks fix this man up
what can I do for you today
tell us bring us one of everything Pizza
cover with different types of meat we
have our vegetarian pizza with 5
different kinds of vegetables not know
loosely and this one is a Bigfoot with
20 full slices of pizza
so what else you got on the menu you
mentioned man what can I do you for here
electronics today by yourself and for
the day with I see you living at a nice
stereo this is a very nice cereal you
got surround sound you hit the income
from the road you get a kid Holly well
that's gonna do things like that
your likes around town look here we got
another cereal right here just maybe in
your budget maybe you don't need a video
so what I got for you I got Bravo pages
for $45 got Bravo plus for 60 photos I
got brought with Christa man in front of
I got a lifestyle for $65 let's type of
pages you need you may need to page the
case you may already have a pager I
don't know Mini's another patience we
got paid cases we got paid attain what
do you need my make all our one is a
monkey theatre lecture next week off the
biggest assortment of pages and the
sisters in the Bay Area come in today
and get yours bring in any papers get it
activated absolutely free we also carry
a wide selection of telephones radios
TVs and accessories come down and see us
at the upper level to each my mall call
us at five six nine nine seven six five
speed electronic there's no monkeying
around and what the hell when you get
home